how everyone.
So let's continue.
So this is my environment on this is my central I so and I can see that I have a lot off
souls in my environment.
So the previous lecture we understood about the escape,
that skirt which can be used to fetch the system information.
Now what?
I have been here.
I have copied that is crypto all my source that is presented my environment like this one
and this one in this one and this one.
So my script is present on all the sewers on.
After that,
I,
you know,
should Hilda screams,
vaya con.
So the scripts is going to run by yourself using chrome.
And when the script is running,
it is generating a report.
So I have this Crippen this over on the script is going to execute wire Krahn on it will
generate one file of one report.
We can say that now on sentry.
So I have created a very simple script which is basically,
you know,
fighting the report from all the sewers.
So my script is on all the souls it is executing itself by a crown on it is generating one
file and that file.
I am,
you know,
fetching for my centralized server.
So let's see how I have done it.
So this is my centralized server.
I'm in this location here.
I have credit a file that his host file in which we have the list off All the souls in my
environment.
Supposing news environment.
They are 50 silvers.
So you have to put the name or ivy off all the fifties hours,
right?
No,
I'm going to my first summer.
That is this one.
Okay,
so,
I mean,
first of all,
that is so one,
right?
So if you'll see,
they're different fighting this contact,
hyphen.
L terrible mistake.
That is contact by phone.
I can see that my script is there.
Okay,
On it is executing an average 10 minutes on while it is executing.
Whatever.
The outboard is coming off the Ice Cube.
It is going into this final.
I'm used this symbol.
This is for,
you know,
redirection channel on day water without foot.
Like maybe while you escape designing,
we have some,
you know,
errors.
Maybe you,
us kept,
is having some,
you know,
useful out water with output.
While executing your script.
It is going into this fight here.
You know,
you can see that I have used this host name,
right?
So my report would vacated with the host name of the server.
So let me show you.
Let me go into this direct contact into this Crips.
Okay,
Onda,
Go,
Dev hyphen it.
No one my school visit running are executing.
It will be going into this location.
Andi here against the name off my finally board.
This is the name off my several.
After that,
death reports start Txt Right,
So like this where the report is generating here you can see that my report is
automatically generated in every 10 minutes.
It is deputy at 10.
10 2010.
There will be another report Now I'm going to my second several second.
So what is this one?
What are so?
We can see that that is 1 30 right again going to this location.
So this is a location where I have put my descript right gone,
Tep Hi Final The same against the report is coming like this for this is the host name.
After this I have put dish reports touched Dixie.
So like this way,
you know I have put all those curves in all my cells on with help off crown.
My scripts are executing on when the script is a recruiting.
It is deleting a file that is a report file.
And the name of the report file is,
you know,
having the name of the server like this way.
Now I'm coming back to my,
you know means.
So that is my centralized server.
I'm in this location here.
You can see that I have created one file that is host file in the host file.
I have kept you know,
the name off I p off all my service environments over.
No.
Here,
have you simple for Luke.
We'll have a separate section about the loops just for the sake of the knowledge use.
Very simple.
Logical for Luke lesson this time.
So this is the report which can be used to fetch the they put from all the servers.
Right.
So let's discuss this one.
So this is,
you know,
the file on which we have all the So his name,
horse name.
Okay.
This one,
you can see that I am in this location have created a file that his host after that.
You know,
I am simply a city that is copying the file from my remote serve us dollar.
Right.
This is my first server,
right,
cat.
This file is Okay,
So a sippy dollars,
my first over this one right on.
It is looking for this find that is very script.
And this it is looking for report file.
I have used one wildcard here that is asked risk.
Right?
So obviously it is looking for the file,
which,
you know,
and with the report,
there's text.
After that,
there would be a name off the file name of the Southern name,
and then it is copping into this location.
So this location is this one.
If I'm going inside,
let's see,
Do we have?
So I'm going to remove all my this files right now.
You can see that there's nothing.
Okay,
So,
like,
this word is going toe all myself was one by one.
This is my force over second,
several hurts already.
Just copying the file from that server and putting into this location.
So this location is this one here.
You will see that we have a directly that is reports.
So what?
I'm going to do?
I'm just going to execute this script and let's see whether I'm getting their desire or or
no,
I can see that it has copied all my report files from all the sewers.
Now,
if I'm going into this look,
location,
that is this one.
And you can see that all my reports have come into this one.
If I'm going to cut any of the file like this one,
you can see that I have beside report,
right,
Onda,
any time you can get it.
But I you can also should ill this fetching as well with the help off crown,
let me assure you,
I'm just putting contact.
I'm in this location on Did.
This is my script here.
Okay,
this is my frejus.
Good going Tip hyphen e.
All right,
so I want that It should be skipped on every 15 minutes of 10 years.
Whatever you want,
right?
Every day I wanted should be executed.
Okay,
So what is my skip?
The skip is this one.
You have to put the full name full.
But for that the full part is this one.
So let me Is it good for to me So that I can show you the report as well.
So now this escape is going to It looks good.
In every two minutes,
I'm going here.
All the files.
I'm going to read all the files,
so I don't have any files.
So I'm just reading for my script for returning.
I'm looking for the monologue.
So this is your problem?
This is time.
I need to wait for two minutes.
So good time is this one,
Onda and my script is going to run at 10.
Because as for my con job,
which have is could you let every two minutes,
So I need to wait for,
you know,
a few more seconds.
Uh,
I got a simple tell this one from Hittle tweaking a company that my con job has been
executed.
It still,
you know,
a few most against that is less than 20 most against left.
I can see that my script has been executed.
The loss is saying that you escaped has been executed on dime going to my dislocation.
That is,
in this where that isn't term.
Okay,
so this is Skip is going to run this one fact you can see that when this kept is executing
it is copping all the files into reports that see,
I can see that all the peoples has been you know,
automatically come to this location where Koran I have a shillelagh crown so not is fully
automated.
You do not need to do anything All this cursed that is present on all your source.
That is these airplane servers.
It is also,
you know,
executing Web con on from here also from a centralized server.
Also,
you have won a school that you have Surely you with the no con as well.
So now you do not need to do anything.
Everything is in automated now.
All the reports are coming here.
Okay,
so from their soul for this lecture Thanks for watching.
And if you have time,
please join him in the next lecture.